Adds handling for common JSON parsing exceptions and wraps them in a `JwtException` (#671)
jwtk/jjwt: CHANGELOG.md

## Release Notes

### 0.11.3

This patch release:

> * Adds handling for common JSON parsing exceptions and wraps them in a `JwtException`.

Reviewer: A minor nit: to avoid a suspicion that that we didn't handle JSON parsing exceptions previously (we did and do), I'd write this as:

> Adds additional handling for rare JSON parsing exceptions and wraps them in a \`JwtException\` to allow the application to handle these conditions as JWT concerns.

Author: I like it!! Thanks!

> * Adds handling for common JSON parsing exceptions and wraps them in a `JwtException`.

Author: ```suggestion
* Adds additional handling for rare JSON parsing exceptions and wraps them in a `JwtException` to allow the application to handle these conditions as JWT concerns.
```
